voz is overrun psycho and our movements
in the location no man there's a
checkpoint off in the path of the mouse
to deal with that
activity constables
Oh
bout time you showed up you believe this
looks like someone had a little trouble
parking their boat
we seem to have hit a dead end I've lost
our secure channel to JSOC too much
electrical interference on this island
hey boss I got some e
topographic map is an area highlighting
this valley here must be where the
excavation site is located how could you
be sure I'm not but it's all we've got
to go on we need to get moving I'm not
going anywhere until you give me some
answers I'm not buying that locate and
evacuate bullshit anymore
yeah since when do the North Koreans add
themselves among the fucking freeze ray
ban strike I feel like I jumped into a
bloody comic book here
I've told you everything you need
that's bollocks and you know it Aztec is
dead and we ain't got the first idea
what killed him I saw him up close boss
he was mutilated ripped in two I mean
what are we dealing with here cuz it
ain't just Korean justice right if this
Rosenthal guy was a proper nut we were
beer cut the crap cycle you've all been
fully briefed our job is to find those
people and that's what we're going to do
we're moving out now and nuts in order
what the fuck something's here
it's got dressed up we have to go we
have to go now
come on boo boo to